capital = 223 

oob = "ANZ"

set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.3
set_convoys = 70
set_research_slots = 3
set_fuel_ratio = 0.5
starting_train_buffer = 30

						

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	}
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
    basic_train = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "3090.1.1"
	election_frequency = 144
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 10
	democratic = 43
	communism = 0
	fascism = 47
	reactionism = 0
}
set_power_balance = {

    id = ANZ_industrialization_against_manalisation

    set_default = yes

}
add_ideas = ANZ_ancient_mana_tradition
add_ideas = ANZ_imbalance_development
add_ideas = ANZ_senshado_industrialization
add_ideas = ANZ_return_of_nero

recruit_character = ANZ_Adriana
recruit_character = ANZ_Amaretto
recruit_character = ANZ_Anchovy
recruit_character = ANZ_Aquila
recruit_character = ANZ_Bologna
recruit_character = ANZ_Carla
recruit_character = ANZ_Carpaccio
recruit_character = ANZ_ContediCavour
recruit_character = ANZ_DucadegliAbruzzi
recruit_character = ANZ_Enrica
recruit_character = ANZ_Fernandia
#recruit_character = ANZ_Firis
recruit_character = ANZ_Francesca
recruit_character = ANZ_Gelato
recruit_character = ANZ_Giovanna
recruit_character = ANZ_GiuseppeGaribaldi
recruit_character = ANZ_Giuseppina
recruit_character = ANZ_Grecale
#recruit_character = ANZ_Ilmeria
recruit_character = ANZ_Italia
recruit_character = ANZ_Libeccio
recruit_character = ANZ_Luciana
recruit_character = ANZ_LuigiTorelli
#recruit_character = ANZ_Lydie
recruit_character = ANZ_Maestrale
recruit_character = ANZ_Martina
recruit_character = ANZ_Panettone
recruit_character = ANZ_Pepperoni
#recruit_character = ANZ_Pirka
#recruit_character = ANZ_Plachta
recruit_character = ANZ_Pola
#recruit_character = ANZ_Ramizel
#recruit_character = ANZ_Reisalin
recruit_character = ANZ_Ricotta
recruit_character = ANZ_Robiola
recruit_character = ANZ_Roma
recruit_character = ANZ_Scirocco
recruit_character = ANZ_Silvie
#recruit_character = ANZ_Sophie
#recruit_character = ANZ_Suelle
recruit_character = ANZ_Zara


